Do not assume real time formatting of server TP (#76)
mirjak/draft-lmbdhk-quic-multipath: draft-lmbdhk-quic-multipath.md

- value: 0 (default) for disabled.

Endpoints use 2-bits in the value field for negotiating one or more
PN spaces, available option values are listed in
{{param_value_definition}} :

Option | Definition
---------|---------------------------------------
0x0      | don't support multipath
0x1      | only support one PN space for multipath
0x2      | only support multiple PN spaces for multipath
0x3      | support both one PN space and multiple PN space
{: #param_value_definition title="Available value for enable_multipath"}

> If for anyone of the endpoints the parameter is absent or set to 0,
> or if the two enpoints select incompatible values,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If for any one of the endpoints the parameter is absent or set to 0,
or if the two endpoints select incompatible values,
```
